README.md, before:

# screen filter
**dims your screen further to protect eyes in complete darkness**

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-GPL%203-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/hwding/make-it-darker/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/PLATFORM-Android-red.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.android.com/)  
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD-coolapk-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/com.amastigote.darker)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD-wandoujia-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.wandoujia.com/apps/com.amastigote.darker)

## UPDATE LOG
##### 2017-02-06
  - remove snack-bars
  - optimize activity switching
  - change logo
  - update libraries
  - several UI improvements (string, layout, etc.)

##### 2016-10-16
  - add auto brightness option
  - add brightness & alpha indicator
  - optimize third party ColorSeekBar
  - several UI improvements (layout, style, animation, etc.)

##### 2016-10-10
  - fix the problem that filter could not cover the whole screen after orientation
  - update google libraries
  - several code adjustments

##### 2016-08-23
  - update libraries
  - fix the problem of over scrolling
  - change a third party library for circular seekBar

##### 2016-08-13
  - set fullscreen flag for screen filter

##### 2016-08-09
  - remove splash page to simplify apk
  - remove useless codes
  - fix the bug that screen will dim and lock down even when you are watch videos after activating screen filter, so the 'keep screen on' function is removed
  - improve UI

##### 2016-08-07
  - improve service persistence
  - change icon

##### 2016-08-06
  - remove duplicated methods
  - remove unused codes

##### 2016-08-04
  - fix a bug that screen filter can not cover status bar and lock screen
  - fix a bug that your wallpaper will go black when screen filter is activated
  - improve code structure
  - more power-saving when service is running in background
  - more bug fixes
  - adjust some indicative information
  - adjust UI lightly

##### 2016-08-03
  - new feature: now you can (/de)activate screen filter through tapping the notification, you can also jump directly onto control panel with our new notification

##### 2016-08-01
  - redesign UI and interaction
  - add splash page
  - add quit notification

##### 2016-07-30
  - add feedback function
  - redesign UI and interaction

##### 2016-07-28
  - update a library to fix the bug that seekBar's pointer won't change its position along with its value
  - fix a bug that screen filter will be activated unexpectedly when 'restore default settings' button is pressed

##### 2016-07-27
  - new feature: now you can adjust the screen filter dynamically as long as it is activated
  - fix a bug in 'keep screen on' function
  - fix a bug that 'restore default settings' function is not working when screen filter is activated
  - change background

##### 2016-07-26
  - new feature: now you can keep screen on when screen filter is activated  
  - ui improve, more friendly
  - several bug fixes

##### 2016-07-25
  - improve color picker function
  - fix a bug that preference of filter color can not be restored

Commit message:

change
fix the problem that filter could not cover navigation bar
update libraries

README.md, after:

# screen filter
**dims your screen further to protect eyes in complete darkness**

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-GPL%203-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/hwding/make-it-darker/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/PLATFORM-Android-red.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.android.com/)  
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD-coolapk-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.coolapk.com/apk/com.amastigote.darker)
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD-wandoujia-green.svg?style=flat-square)](http://www.wandoujia.com/apps/com.amastigote.darker)

## UPDATE LOG
##### 2019-01-17
  - fix the problem that filter could not cover navigation bar
  - update libraries

##### 2017-02-06
  - remove snack-bars
  - optimize activity switching
  - change logo
  - update libraries
  - several UI improvements (string, layout, etc.)

##### 2016-10-16
  - add auto brightness option
  - add brightness & alpha indicator
  - optimize third party ColorSeekBar
  - several UI improvements (layout, style, animation, etc.)

##### 2016-10-10
  - fix the problem that filter could not cover the whole screen after orientation
  - update google libraries
  - several code adjustments

##### 2016-08-23
  - update libraries
  - fix the problem of over scrolling
  - change a third party library for circular seekBar

##### 2016-08-13
  - set fullscreen flag for screen filter

##### 2016-08-09
  - remove splash page to simplify apk
  - remove useless codes
  - fix the bug that screen will dim and lock down even when you are watch videos after activating screen filter, so the 'keep screen on' function is removed
  - improve UI

##### 2016-08-07
  - improve service persistence
  - change icon

##### 2016-08-06
  - remove duplicated methods
  - remove unused codes

##### 2016-08-04
  - fix a bug that screen filter can not cover status bar and lock screen
  - fix a bug that your wallpaper will go black when screen filter is activated
  - improve code structure
  - more power-saving when service is running in background
  - more bug fixes
  - adjust some indicative information
  - adjust UI lightly

##### 2016-08-03
  - new feature: now you can (/de)activate screen filter through tapping the notification, you can also jump directly onto control panel with our new notification

##### 2016-08-01
  - redesign UI and interaction
  - add splash page
  - add quit notification

##### 2016-07-30
  - add feedback function
  - redesign UI and interaction

##### 2016-07-28
  - update a library to fix the bug that seekBar's pointer won't change its position along with its value
  - fix a bug that screen filter will be activated unexpectedly when 'restore default settings' button is pressed

##### 2016-07-27
  - new feature: now you can adjust the screen filter dynamically as long as it is activated
  - fix a bug in 'keep screen on' function
  - fix a bug that 'restore default settings' function is not working when screen filter is activated
  - change background

##### 2016-07-26
  - new feature: now you can keep screen on when screen filter is activated  
  - ui improve, more friendly
  - several bug fixes

##### 2016-07-25
  - improve color picker function
  - fix a bug that preference of filter color can not be restored
